Update history for 2.21.0-rc0. (#4802)
TileDB-Inc/TileDB: HISTORY.md

# TileDB v2.21.0 Release Notes

## Deprecation announcements

> * Windows 2019 build support will be removed in version 2.28, to be released in Q3 2024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Building with Visual Studio 2019 will become unsuported in version 2.28, to be released in Q3 2024.
```

> * Windows 2019 build support will be removed in version 2.28, to be released in Q3 2024.

Reviewer 2: Is this Windows 2019 or Visual Studio 2019? To be more precise we should specify the minimum target toolchain version.

Reviewer: Updated my suggestion above.

Reviewer 2: Thanks

* HDFS support will be removed in version 2.28, to be released in Q3 2024.

## New features

* Add datatypes GEOM_WKB and GEOM_WKT. [#4640](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4640)

> * Add CPack to CMakeLists.txt. [#4645](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4645)

Reviewer 2: Move to `Build System Changes`, and change description to `Add CPack support`

> * Add std::pmr based memory allocation tracking. [#4683](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4683)

Reviewer 2: Remove - not complete / not a user-facing feature.

> * Support VFS `ls_recursive` API for posix filesystem. [#4778](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4778)

Reviewer 2: This should go in a `C API` section

> * Query Plan REST support. [#4519](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4519)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TileDB backend API support:
* Query Plan. [#4519](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4519)
```

* Convert dimension function pointer members to subclass methods. [#4774](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4774)
* Implement dense dimension aggregates. [#4801](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4801)

## Defects removed

* Fix documentation of `Subarray::set_config` to match `tiledb_subarray_set_config`. [#4672](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4672)
* Fix stats bug in StorageManager. [#4708](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4708)
* Add explicit casts to fix compile errors. [#4712](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4712)
* Fix bug with new minio behavior. [#4725](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4725)
* Support reading V1 group details with explicit version in the name. [#4744](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4744)
* Update crop_range to clamp to domain range. [#4781](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4781)
* Fix segfault in ArraySchema::check. [#4787](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4787)
* Fix crash in aggregates on dimensions. [#4794](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4794)
* Fix defects with query channels. [#4786](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4786)

> * Remove trailing slash from rest.server_address. [#4790](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4790)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Remove trailing slash from `rest.server_address` configuration option. [#4790](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4790)
```

# TileDB v2.21.0 Release Notes

## Deprecation announcements

* Building with Visual Studio 2019 (MSVC toolchains v14.29 and earlier) will become unsuported in version 2.28, to be released in Q3 2024.
* HDFS support will be removed in version 2.28, to be released in Q3 2024.

> * Support for manylinux2014 (based on CentOS 7) will be removed in version 2.31, to be released in Q4 2024. It wil be replaced by support for GLIBC 2.28 (manylinux_2_28; RHEL8; Rocky Linux 8).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Support for GLIBC 2.17 (manylinux2014, based on CentOS 7) will be removed in TileDB version 2.31, to be released in Q4 2024. It will be replaced by support for GLIBC 2.28 (manylinux_2_28; RHEL8; Rocky Linux 8).
```
